My dad sold the house to buy musical instruments, so that us children could become great artists.
And we achieved just that.
We made it to the top.
My dancing style became so famous that they would advertise with only a picture of me.
Wherever they put that image, everyone knew those Rosario would be there.
I really liked dancing. I loved it.
I loved the makeup.
The clothes, the stage, that was me.
But after the concerts were over, I felt empty.
That's nothing like the happiness that comes from knowing you're doing what's right before Jehovah.
That happiness doesn't fade, and it will always be there because it comes from Jehovah.
When I decided to leave the group, my dad was not pleased.
He had worked so hard for it.
Thanks God.
Difficult.
This opposition really pained me because my dad and I had always enjoyed a beautiful friendship.
We were very close.
Despite the way he treated us, we never disrespected him.
We were always kind to him.
And because of that, little by little, he started to soften.
One day, one of my sons asked, why don't you invite him to a meeting?
My dad's eyes lit up.
And he said, I've been wanting to go for some time now.
And we started studying with him.
He knew that he had found the truth.
He enrolled in the school. He gave his first part.
So the truth really touched him deeply.
I asked him one day during the study.
Dad, tell me.
What do you think now?
Do you think I made a good decision in leaving the group?
And following this path?
And dedicating my life to Jehovah?
He looked at me and said, you did well.
You made a very good decision.
I only wish I had been able to raise all of you in the truth.
Dad saw his children succeed, accomplished so much,
and see their dreams come true.
But he realized that that wasn't everything.
He realized that true happiness comes from serving the Creator, Jehovah God.
It reminded me of the words of the Apostle Paul at Philippians 3.8.
He said that he considered what he did before as a lot of refuge.
We felt the same.
We were willing to leave everything behind.
After a concert, there was that emptiness inside.
It's so different to the way I feel after a meeting with the brothers and sisters,
or after I give a Bible study,
or after a day serving at Bethel with Roberto, my husband,
that happiness doesn't go away.
There's nothing better than that.